=============================
MiniPages 0.2.0 release notes
=============================

*In development*


GitLab to GitHub
================

- Migrated the project source code from GitLab to GitHub.
- Edited all links and references to point to `the GitHub repository <https://github.com/pascalpepe/django-minipages>`_.
- Replaced GitLab CI/CD with GitHub Actions for continuous integration.


Project layout and packaging
============================

- Moved the ``minipages`` package to a ``src/`` directory.
- Replaced ``setup.py`` and ``setup.cfg`` with ``pyproject.toml`` to follow the
  latest recommendations of the `PyPA <https://www.pypa.io>`_.
- Replaced setuptools with `Hatchling <https://hatch.pypa.io>`_ as the build
  backend for the project.


Tests
=====

- Added the following tools to the testing suite:

  * `black <https://black.readthedocs.io>`_ for formatting Python code.
  * `isort <https://pycqa.github.io/isort/>`_ for sorting imports.

- Updated support to the following versions of Python and Django:

  ======= ==========================
  Django  Python
  ======= ==========================
  4.2 LTS 3.8, 3.9, 3.10, 3.11, 3.12
  ------- --------------------------
  5.0     3.10, 3.11, 3.12
  ======= ==========================

- Replaced tox usage with GitHub Actions.
- Set up GitHub Actions in order to:

  * Check formatting with Black.
  * Check code style with Flake8.
  * Check imports with isort.
  * Run Django tests and display coverage summary, for all supported versions
    of Python and Django.
  * Check links in the documentation.
  * Build the documentation.


Documentation
=============

- Changed Sphinx documentation theme to `Furo <https://pradyunsg.me/furo/>`_.
- Updated Sphinx to version 7.2.
